README.md, before:

# 🎨 Special Design - Modern Landing Page

A sleek, responsive, and modern landing page template built to showcase high-quality web design principles. This project focuses on clean aesthetics, smooth user experience, and robust front-end architecture.

## 🔗 Live Demo
Check out the live site here: [Special Design Live](https://salah-youseff.github.io/Special-Design-/#)

---

## 🛠️ Built With
This project leverages the power of core web technologies to achieve a high-performance UI:

* **HTML5:** Semantic structuring for better SEO and accessibility.
* **CSS3:** Advanced styling including:
    * **Flexbox & CSS Grid:** For complex, responsive layouts.
    * **Custom Variables:** For consistent color schemes and easy maintenance.
    * **Keyframe Animations:** For engaging visual transitions.
* **JavaScript:** For handling dynamic interactions and navigation.
* **Font Awesome:** For scalable vector icons.

## ✨ Key Features
-   **Fully Responsive:** Optimized for all screen sizes, from ultra-wide monitors to mobile devices.
-   **Modern UI/UX:** Minimalist design with a focus on readability and white space.
-   **Interactive Navigation:** Smooth scrolling and active state tracking.
-   **Hover Effects:** Dynamic feedback on buttons and portfolio items.
-   **Optimized Assets:** Fast loading times through clean code and efficient asset management.

## 📂 Project Structure
The project is organized into several key sections:
1.  **Hero Section:** A bold introduction with a clear Call to Action (CTA).
2.  **Services:** Detailed grid layout showcasing core offerings.
3.  **Portfolio:** A gallery-style section for project highlights.
4.  **About:** Insights into the brand/agency story.
5.  **Contact:** A functional-ready footer with social links and contact info.

## 🚀 Getting Started
To run this project locally:

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone [https://github.com/salah-youseff/Special-Design-.git](https://github.com/salah-youseff/Special-Design-.git)

Commit message:

Add acknowledgments and contact info to README
Added acknowledgments and contact information sections.

README.md, after:

# 🎨 Special Design - Modern Landing Page

A sleek, responsive, and modern landing page template built to showcase high-quality web design principles. This project focuses on clean aesthetics, smooth user experience, and robust front-end architecture.

## 🔗 Live Demo
Check out the live site here: [Special Design Live](https://salah-youseff.github.io/Special-Design-/#)

---

## 🛠️ Built With
This project leverages the power of core web technologies to achieve a high-performance UI:

* **HTML5:** Semantic structuring for better SEO and accessibility.
* **CSS3:** Advanced styling including:
    * **Flexbox & CSS Grid:** For complex, responsive layouts.
    * **Custom Variables:** For consistent color schemes and easy maintenance.
    * **Keyframe Animations:** For engaging visual transitions.
* **JavaScript:** For handling dynamic interactions and navigation.
* **Font Awesome:** For scalable vector icons.

## ✨ Key Features
-   **Fully Responsive:** Optimized for all screen sizes, from ultra-wide monitors to mobile devices.
-   **Modern UI/UX:** Minimalist design with a focus on readability and white space.
-   **Interactive Navigation:** Smooth scrolling and active state tracking.
-   **Hover Effects:** Dynamic feedback on buttons and portfolio items.
-   **Optimized Assets:** Fast loading times through clean code and efficient asset management.

## 📂 Project Structure
The project is organized into several key sections:
1.  **Hero Section:** A bold introduction with a clear Call to Action (CTA).
2.  **Services:** Detailed grid layout showcasing core offerings.
3.  **Portfolio:** A gallery-style section for project highlights.
4.  **About:** Insights into the brand/agency story.
5.  **Contact:** A functional-ready footer with social links and contact info.

## 🚀 Getting Started
To run this project locally:

## 🌟 Acknowledgments
Special thanks to **Elzero Web School** for the inspiration and the educational path that helped in creating this project.

## 📬 Contact
Feel free to reach out with any questions or feedback:

* **GitHub**: [Salah-Youseff](https://github.com/Salah-Youseff)
* **LinkedIn**: [Salah Yousef](https://www.linkedin.com/in/salah-yousef-a1320b22a/)

---
*Created by [Salah Youseff](https://github.com/Salah-Youseff)*

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone [https://github.com/salah-youseff/Special-Design-.git](https://github.com/salah-youseff/Special-Design-.git)
